Review form must contain (write about each item 1-2 sentences):
 
Recommendation: strong reject, reject, weak reject,
borderline, weak accept, accept, strong accept (-3 .. 3): 3
Everyone whos like to know more about latency bottlenecks should read this research.
It provides useful informations with an easily understandable composition.;

Summary of the content and Evaluation of
Technical Content and Accuracy (1 - 7) 5:
They achieved promising results and I think the topic requires further
researches. However, they mentioned that they "bombarded" the server with their requests,
which was a live server with legitimate users, and it was a really beginner type mistake.

Significance of the Work (1 - 7) 7: 
As they mentioned, the web applications dominate daily websites and I strongly
aggree with this. Because of that, these kind of researches are more than neccessary.

Appropriate Title, Introduction, and Conclusion (1 - 7)7: 
Everything were appropriate. The introduction really helped to understand the
basic concept and the conclusion gathered every important informations.

Overall Organization (1 - 7)7: The overall organization is good.
Every piece were in the right place.

Appropriateness for the conf/journal (1 - 7)7: 
As I mentioned before, these kinds of researches are neccessary,
so this research is highly appropiate for conf/journal.

Style and Clarity of the Paper (1 - 7)7: 
The style and clarity were great. The language were appropiate,
and the explanitions were easily understandable.

Originality of Content (1 - 7)7: 
They used past researches, however their research contained other perspectives,
which are important for example they pointed that the rise of the latency can cause
decrease in income.

Novelty of results: beyond state of the art (related work)?:
Their results are not beyond the state of the art, however it contains useful
informations and directions where should researchers continue looking for.

Appropriateness of the methods, validation, references
Every method,validation and reference were appropiate and came from legal researchers
and researches.;

Comments on errors, typos, grammar, figures:
You should avoid of using aphostrophes in professional research publications.
It makes you unprofessional.;

Proposal for improvements: You have mentioned that your approach can not track problems with
memory or CPU utilization. I think you should maybe test on different servers or use
virtual servers with different hardware initializations and maybe it will help you to
determine these kind of problems as well, or atleast gives you a great basic for further
analysis.

Reviewers confidence and Confidential remarks:
I think this topic was great and worth for further researches.
My confidential remark is that you have mentioned the live server issue was not a great idea.
It showed that you are all humans as well, and make mistakes and that is okay. However, you
can lose other reviewers' confidence, and it would be really unpleasant for you.;

Checking for plagiarism and violation of guidelines:
I have not found any plagiarism or violation.;

Remark: realistic
