Review form must contain (write about each item 1-2 sentences):
 
Recommendation: strong reject, reject, weak reject,
borderline, weak accept, accept, strong accept (-3 .. 3): 2
The article presents an interesting innovation about bottlenecks solving a major problem. Those who work in the field of network monitoring, must read the article.

Summary of the content and Evaluation of
Technical Content and Accuracy (1 - 7): 6
Most of the important informations can be found in the summary, but the key parts in the evaluation of the technical content were not explained properly.

Significance of the Work (1 - 7): 6
As presented in the article, there are many problems throughout the bottlenecks and the research's new approach can be a suitable solution for them.

Appropriate Title, Introduction, and Conclusion (1 - 7): 7
In my humble opinion the title was descriptive enought. The introduciton part was essential. The conclusion part was full of useful information as well.

Overall Organization (1 - 7): 7
I found every key part, that a research article requires. The structure of the article was logical.

Appropriateness for the conf/journal (1 - 7): 7
The artical presents a suitable solution on the field of bottlenecks, due to this fact, I can highly recommend it for conf/journal.

Style and Clarity of the Paper (1 - 7): 6
The content was easy to understand, but also down-to-earth and went into the depths. In some places, the paper went into excessive detail.

Originality of Content (1 - 7): 7
In the introduction part it was mentioned that the research group tried to invetigate another (economy) point of view beside the scientific research. It seems to me this is a new, original idea.

Novelty of results: beyond state of the art (related work)?
In the Results section I could find impressive results, that ensures me, the methodology can be used widely.

Appropriateness of the methods, validation, references;
The methodology in general explained in detail, from the mapping procedure to the measuerements. The writers took time to explain the validation of the methodology, that I find as great point. The references are located where they should be and the main related articles and sources can be found in that section as well.

Comments on errors, typos, grammar, figures;
Aphostrophes shouldn't be used in the research article, but on the other hand I didn't find any grammar issue or typos.

Proposal for improvements;
The article mentions that the methodology requires specific conditions to work properly (e.g., two components are needed). It seems there are many opportunities for further development in this field.

Reviewers confidence and Confidential remarks;
I enjoyed both the article and the opportunity to learn more about this research area.

Checking for plagiarism and violation of guidelines;
I haven't found any sign of plagiarism or violation.

Remark: be professional, pleasant, helpful, scientific, timely,
realistic, respectful
Realistic because it seems a good solution was found for the problem.
(Also helpful, beacause the articel presents the problem in detail. Interesting for a person who is not an expert in this field.)
